Q: What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
A: A .git folder/file is created that stores the metadata about the file you have. You need to do it for you to be able to begin taking snapshots of your project files.

Q: How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

A: The staging area seems to be a purgatory where you can make changes to multiple files at once without altering files in the working directory or making a commit. It could be a low risk area to alter multiple files at once and prepare them before going through with any official changes. It should help you keep your commit orderly.

Q: How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
A: You can git diff --staged to see what the differences between the last commit and the staging area and verify that only one logical change is being made.

Q: What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
A: Anytime you want to maintain alternate versions of the project branches are helpful. They allow you to work through alternate histories so to speak and you can easily label versions in plain english.

Q: How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
A: Diagrams help you the parent-child relationship between commits. You can see which commits are related to each other and reachable depending on the branch.

Q: What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
A: Merging combines the insertions and deletions from the branch tips and traces back to the shared ancestor to determine that. The old branch tips are both parents of the new master tip. The diagram represents this and we can use it see all the commits that are reachable from the new tip.

Q: What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
A: Automatic merging will save time but could lead to conflicts or situations where people have have knowledge gaps about what's now there.