Q: When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
A: When your working with multiple people. When you're working with multiple machines. You may also want a backup in case your local machine crashes.

Q: Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
A: You may prefer to have a different version of the reposoitory on your local machine. You may be experimenting and purposely differ from the github repo.

Q: Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
A: Forks are special cloning mechanism available on github that allows your clone to be related to the original project but keeps your project separate from the original.
Branches are different versions of the same project versus a clone which is a copy of a project. Forks are only for github. You'll still need to clonen after you fork to bring a repo to your home machine.

Q: What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
A: So you can understand how anything you build fits in with the current state of the project. 
Is what you're doing easily compatible with the remote master or are you diverging significantly.

Q: How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
A: We could all start with the same directories on our local machines. Keeping them up to date and resolving conflicts would be really challenging. 
It's hard to think about what would be easier. I guess local updates would be quicker but those time savings would evaporate once a merging was needed.

Q: When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
A: I think the reasons would be the same reasons as when working with Git locally. Branch when you're doing something exploratorya and it gives you freedom. Work directly on master when your confident that you have small changes that everyone will want. Branching and using pull requests is nice to as it fosters feedback.
